not as a puppet masashi kishimoto on TV
tokyo your process is apparent anything
wrong so please support you for two
weeks got it better Oh Lord Orochimaru
are you okay oh yes kobato just fine and
dandy life is full of kittens and
sunshine it known that for okay my soul
arms got ripped off how do you think I
am should I get the doctor again oh god
no not after what happened last time oh
I'm losing him I have to say them with
the power of x flooring I did it oh the
hell was that I saved you by drawing a
pentagram on me yes hey I hate HMOs
Oh
really I'm afraid your injuries are more
serious than we thought how seriously
I'm afraid you won't be able to use
taijutsu anymore but it's okay you're
still have your game shoots oh um you
still have your ninja go ah oh you make
an excellent Walmart greeter soldier
I'll have you changed your mind Bab well
don't you give us the silent treatment
your honor give us your answer bad what
he left six hours ago oh no wonder he
didn't need his ice cream oh maybe if I
get someone else to leave me alone okay
Naruto we're gonna leave to train some
more yes we're going to divorce distant
lands braving the elements to discover
the location of a long-lost comrade I
hope she'll befriend us and save the
leaf village for maternal collapse do
you mean we're gonna walk down the
street and talk to your friend yes hmm
can I go back to Kakashi now sorry guns
only bitch no well maybe you can tell me
a bit about this woman before we meet
her her name is Tsunade she's one of the
three signings like myself her physical
strength is far beyond anyone I've ever
met she does have one big flaw though
what's that full house Oh ma'am this is
roulette you heard me Oh lady Tsunade
you really shouldn't keep losing all the
money we have you know shizune nobody's
making you stay lady Tsunade you are
that's besides the point okay Nardo we
found her now we have to get on her good
side so we have you this with extreme
sensitivity and tact hey chesty big rock
boob you want to be already woke all
game oh yeah tact are you kidding I
would never become the Hokage ever and
nothing you could say will ever make me
change my mind what if I could master
the Rasengan in five days well then I
would instantly change my mind hmm ok
naruto is training is in three parts
there
hurry difficult to master and I don't
think you can do it let's give it a try
okay time for the first test test one
hold this water balloon okay
congratulations you passed the first
test huh test to hold this balloon
filled with air okay I you
congratulations you passed the second
test but I know it's time for the third
and final test codes for your chakra to
fly to sever directions while forming a
Spartan motion while moving the shower
by compressing the Smallville stable and
become the sale blow up in your face I
hate you kobato I have a plan what is it
sir I know just the person who can help
but we will have to travel a bit pack
your bags we're going on a road trip
that boy reminds me of my brother I love
you sis when I grow up I'm gonna be a
fireman and a policeman and have a puppy
rescue and plant trees and build shelter
for the home much say and then my
boyfriend I love you Tsunade I love you
too let us never be separated what you
say damn you Oh see you know Tsunade you
can have them back arrow chamorro you
wait what are you wearing long story
Orochimaru and capital is extreme world
trip coming to theaters this summer what
do you want to Roach Amaru I just want
my arms back and you want your brother
and boyfriend back it's win-win don't
tempt me with your empty promises
Orochimaru um it's really not they're
standing right there I brought them back
already hey sis hey hoodie don't try to
tempt me with your lies what lies
they're standing right there I love you
sis it's time for this to end the
puppies see your illusions can't fool me
aloose detergent kobato go kick her ass
with pleasure you haha Oh what now
what are you ow Oh what did you do to me
I rearranged your chakra flow so now
your brain is confused and a different
nervous response moves a different part
of the body oh crap I'm sunk unless know
enough of this carpet oh oh please what
are you going to do you can't even
master the Rasengan I don't need the
Russ in God go lucky oh crap let's get
out of here habit oh ok Orochimaru what
what happened where are they I beat him
with the Rasengan uh yeah with the
Russian gun ok then a deal's a deal i'll
be your Hokage i'll do it for the memory
of my brother and boyfriend we're still
alive you crazy bitch I'll miss you too
good damn it huh welcome to Walmart is
there anything I can help you with a